# blahblog

### 2023-09-16 15:36 - I don't really know what I want still

it's very important, and I cannot stress this enough: I still don't know what I want. the entire thing is still in brainstorming phase, and I'd like it to stay that a while. I definitelly not saying that no work should be done on implementing the idea, just that it should be considered more like a prototype, than a final product. it's very possible that I still don't have the idea worked out as well as I had imagined, and I still feel there are considerable improvements That can be made on the idea.

### 2023-09-24 10:03 - hair and temporal perception

one of the things that has always caused me a lot of grief about my physical body has been body and facial hair. I simply don't like it. I also noticed when I wore my hair long to then shaving it balt, to notice that hair serve as a sort of antannae. the length of the hair serves as a sort of wavelength of transmission. the other thing I noticed is these antannae do not only receive certain wavelengths better, but also *transmit* wavelengths on certain frequencies -- meaning that I noticed that different people with different hair styles (of both facial, body, and head hair) give off different feelings from others.
  there's a reason why sex workers often have theirselves with significantly less body hair, and (the ones that don't feel more gross, usually) it's because hair outputs the concept/feeling relating to that sensual (as experienced by the consciousness') preception of that portion of the function of that body -- and so, for example -- if both feel shame, but one is shaved, they'll have less frequency resonance and so it's less likely to amplify the frequency -- so hair wearers really only want to be around other similarly hairy people which also have similar concepts.
if (for example myself) were to have hair, then my perceptions of the feeling as manifested in the various parts of the body would be broadcasted out, and others with similar hair would feel them. so, if (for example) one of us feels shame and the other liberation/calm, then we're incompatible, and so hopefully we'll have different styles of hair, so that we're not on the same frequency as the other.

the other thing that hair does, is grow. think about it: let's say today my hair is 1mm long, and then some time in the future it's 10mm long -- well then the difference in wavelength is directly related to how I experience time: t0 is 1mm wavelength reality, meanwhilst t1 is 10mm wavelength -- and anything inbetween is a function the reality (as broadcasted by myself) out of my hair according to its wavelength and spectrum (colour).
  I noticed as well, that the colour of the hair (u is for ultraviolet) changes as certain parts of the brain are no longer wanting to output in a distinct spectrum, whereas black, grey, and white, seem to be less and less of a specifc of a (continuous) broadcast/reception spectrum. balding seems to occur for similar reasons: the part of the body responsible for that type of perception of concept no longer desires to transmit or receive in relation to that function.
    as such, I've often wondered, but never really had the guts to pick a (top of head) bald person's brain to figure out what parts of their perception, they decided they no longer want to transmit/receive on.
      I'm fairly certain that it's probably related to 2nd ray perception. the reason why I say that is because the top of the head stands as the sort of ariel of the tesla coil. it's an expansive part of the rod touching the unlimited energy coming from tme air/sun; meanwhile, on the opposite end just above the earth/ground/base is the imagination, which is a contractive system, shrinking down (filtering out) all sorts of "irrelevant" ideas, and only seeing what is desired (ie, astral).
      it's probably related to desire as well, as the relational aspect (seeing everything as being perfectly connected: a reflection of the expectations/desire/attraction of the other) -- and so balding people have probably have more difficulty perceiving the attraction of everything one to another (even the bad/evil stuff), which is the opposite of depression, which sees everything as powerless and above that as meaningless.
        it's our ability to relate everything one to another that illutrates how everything desires and attracts each other, and so perception of bad/evil is like saying, "these things are interacting and it appears unwanted, so I can't see the connection of why that bad/evil/symbolic interaction *is actually wanted*. that perception of unwanted severs the relation and puts a false/narrative gap between wanted things, when they're actually becoming more similar (moving closer) to each other, and so therefore mutually desire each other (just can't understand why, cause my big-picture can't perceive how bad/evil is actually desired).

so then I'm reminded about the story of samson where he lost his strength (emission spectrum) when his hair is cut, and also of the story of the golden ass going bald after joining the cult of isis, and that I believe is because -- for example in the case of samson, the inability to output that energy into physical space, meant that energy had to go somewhere, and so (being shorter wavelength) it output into temporal space. in the golden ass' case, the idea here is that hair (like memory) restricts a person to a specific space (and time), yet having no memory of the past, I could be coming from anywhere, and so therefore am now. having no physical output spectrum means that I am no longer confined to any specific space -- and as something invisible, I could be anywhere or everywhere -- a reflection of whatever they want to interpret/see/experienc that non-visible *concept* as.
