# WANTODO

#### primary goals/concerns
- make the body capable of absorbing *all* frequencies (black), and as soon as the body is capable of absorbing, it's capable of emitting those same frequencies -- which means that *all* colours are able to be output, meaning that the body will appear 2d, and have no depth (cause no shadow is cast and no gradient). although the body retains a 3d+ shape to it, it *appears* 2d and flat.
- build a (symbolic/conceptual) system where the angle and other conditons determine the emission spectrum (like how metals are more luminous (like a sunspot) at an angle, and darker looking head on). this will allow for really cool shading effects giving us that really cool anime/cartoon appearance. the conceptual aspect is for blending my emotion into the colour and shading as well -- so if I'm upset I can have stronger shading in specific places vs others, when I'm feeling good, maybe my skin has a rainbow or even changes colour to the enviroment/music (inspired by octopi). I (personally like the idea of having a conceptual system, but I know that a symbolic system is also going to be popular, as well).
- sexual/physical interaction is no longer directly modifying m/ perception of the physical plane, and so no longer is reproduction (ie, new DNA) a reflection of the interacting forms of perception (both environmental and from the sexual partners), but now instead concepts are pure and so reproduction is done *mentally* -- as a new creation can be done individually (no need for someone else) and is accomplished by transforming/improving/perceiving concepts and turning them into a new creation. anything that I can conceptualise can gain an instantiation in reality -- and since physicality can never encapsulate all of a conecpt (no car is the entirety of all cars), then the physical instantiation of those concepts are completely unforseeable, as it could spatially be anything (that the perceivers want to see it as). in practicality, what this means is, all conceptua creations (including myself) are perceived as what they are desired to be by the observer. I output my colour the way I want, but ultimately the form/shape that it takes on is something of a desire.
  - (to explain this idea, let's say I draw three curves which most looking at it will interpret to be the curves that of breasts -- but they don't *have to be that* -- as it could be something entirely inert like a pillow or a puff in the blanket -- I see that shape/curve as boobs because that's what I want to see, yet it's nothing more than a curve).
  - (another explanation of an idea is a movement which suggests a shape. I don't know how to explain the idea, but the curve of a motion directly moulds the way that the dimensions appear -- and is why moving body parts seem to have a different dimensionality to them, the *way they move* (think dancing/balet/etc). motion (and the emotion behind it) produces a mental image of the concept/feeling from which it originates -- so for example if I move my arm the same exact way, but one time I *feel* anger while moving it, the motion (though the same trajectory) will have a diferent *emotion* to it, and will produce a different mental image (received by the eyes' motion/shape detectors (prolly x-ray/UV), and not only the colour ones (visible/UV)). different spectrums produce different effects, depending on the conecpts that harmonise with the spectra outside of the visible spectrum.

#### desired features
- make hair able to be removable mentally/conceptually by making the transmission spectrum that hair would tranmit/receive, no longer part of my perception (I don't care to experience/transmit/receive concepts harmonious with those colours and wavelengths). essentially, those frequencies are allowed to pass right through with minimal distortion like some configurations of crystal, diamond, or glass.
- want to produce a system for determining my resistance levels for certain spectrum -- allowing me to perceive how much energy is dissipated and how much is retransmitted -- with the desire being to to have "over-unity" (amplification) of all conceptual spectrum that are important to me, and (perhaps) a reduction or a transformation of the received concept into another (ie, splattered blood and violence/suicide = it was attracted/desired). the idea being that I don't wanto be dissipating/transforming absorbed energy into an unwanted spectrum (like heat or a similarly uncomfortable concept like embarrassment). (this may be related to hair, as well)
