# what I want

I want to remove my y-chomosome; I want to make it become a frequential dual of itself, which will make me one XX that is like a female, one that is two of the same conceptual views into reality, which makes *three* different perpectives into reality: two are different perspectives, and the third is a constant dual, which is the reflector: osstensible the character, reflector, and actor all in a constant perspective to each other: the everlasting (for at least as long as I remain conscious) which is like a a no-brainer.
  this is a configuration which can be built upon endlessly, because I become the *mininmal* quanity of percEptions into the world; everyone will have more Xx+ conifigurations to m5; everyone will have more cOnceptual perspectives into reality, makitng them the cconcEpctual configurations oft their owon imagininingss. it's dope.
so think about how cool it would be for me to know people that are infinitely (from my perspective,) much more perceptive than I. it's cool. it's like: you guys can just all figure it out, it your own pace and howveer I/we ant.
znyway, I think I want to share that and make my "virus" as easy to get: just swich over wherever, howover you want. it's a no brainer, super easy way out. I'm like a virus that eventually wins, because it's just the process of becoming more absorbative (attractive), which means I'm opposite of desire most; I'm very black. pitch black, which means I absorb everything. it's very real to me and what creates this/my/our reality. the genetics are just a magic trick, you know.
anyway, I wish everyone else the best, because that's how I am and O...
here's the thing: I really like liking myself, and just thinking that I'm fine, and everything's going well, and it's not the endd of the worlde, and we know it's all cruising along fine, as we're all turing into 3d by default, soe will want to upgrade, and that'll be like that. I frickin love the ideae because it's just like allows everyone else to be *infnitely* more complex as me, as I'll stick to *only* 3d. I'm very insect-like, but with the mind of a plant. I make everything come to me, becauxe I'm so absorbative. cool. I'm done.
