# anthropology

### 2023-10-01 23:39 - theory on history in reverse

I've been listening to a lot of lectures over at centre-place (on youtube), and it's becoming more and more overwhelingly clear to me that there seem to be hundreds of cultures that passed through significant upheaval (flood for example) -- and they each have a legendry time only recorded in myth and oral narrative,-- and there are literally tens of tthese cultrure groups recording a legendry period prior to them "falling"/arriving essentially into to a "new earth" -- and crazily enough (look at the mayas) they seem to come in with some mind-blowingly complicated language and/or writing system. it appears to me that these highly complex and sophisicated languages could have *only* cultivated in a fairly high energetic enivronment (something like a golden age), where earth's conditions were suitable for intellectual pursuit, but that collapsed and since then the vast majority of humans worked in agriculture, with only a few well-to-dos that could interest theirselves in arts and sciences; and so when they find theirselves on earth in this new *physical* world where things are tough and no longer is that dream-like reality that they once had. (brb 23:55) that dream-like reality is a period of time (like the rennaissance) where many looked as far into the future as they could, and tried to imagine us using those contraptions in our present. some of it works out, but usually it doesn't. what ends up happening is that that the ideas is too "ahead of its time" and so therefore, the society/culture that will enhabit the technology, has to become compatible with it, because once a new concept happens, it can never be unhappened. the speed at which concepts are acquired is essentially the basis for time: the quantity of new -- novelty -- or rather, instead we could think of it is "how big is the human cOnceptual world".
some 100s of years ago, the most learned had a smaller conceptual view than the majority on this earth right now  and it's because we're globalized. human consciousness expansion (ie, time) is cruising along, and it simply cannot go back to a conceptul world that is smaller. there we ourselves (wanting our conceptual world to expand), we attract all of these globalist meglomaniacs because we want to have that continued expansion. do I agree that thte current procedure for becoming more globalised is the best one (or even mediocre)?--I think it's doing just perfect -- because we're too lazy ourselves to add on the "good" ideas -- and we want the conditions back of the previous "golden-age" -- something about perennialism; we're just longing for the extra great conditions back -- but because our conceptual world was so finite (again, look at the mayas here), that it'd be absolutely impssible to go back to such a restricted world-view that such powerful conditions didn't destroy us. through the pursuit of knowledge, we've figured out how to make physical reality work with machines and [nano ]technology.
so here's where it gets crazy: me personally -- I was reconsidering the concept of "prometheus bound" the other day when I could not perceive if the events associated with prometheus were past or future. we know they're past, but the concept (as perceived by us) is coming to pass us by again, so we'll get another chance to define what "bound" really means -- because once again, we ourselves are completeley enslaved by our technology. there are a bunch of "elites" tthat seem to have an unusually lofty/easy time being enabled to enslave us with our own technology; because, if I can come up with the idea, the idea is a reflection of me and my thought. some others may be able to use my technology reflection, but ultimately they are not a reflection of the technolgy -- and so we attract these boneheads from out of wherever to ensure that we are enslaved by our own technology, and save ourselves by not worrying about the enslavement, so the world-view can expand bigger each time.
quick sidenote: I actually believe right now we're actually beginning one of those legendry times where we'll come "falling" into physical; either perceptually or with a perceived catastrophe/disaster necessary of stipping them of all the non-physical/astral attachments before getting "trapped" into physical. I don't think that it'll be as bad as anyone wants it to believe it'll be -- or perhaps it'll be as much "hell" that anyone believes they need to suffer. I believe we're m6ving over to a desire-focused world, where anything anyone wants starts to happen quicker and quicker -- and when I say wants, I mean what they believe; narratively and stuff -- so narrative is important, and a limiting narrative will restrict the technical capacity of those that believe the more restrained narrative (notably atlantis origin stories).
so when I say "history in reverse" -- I'm saying that it seems that we attract the narrative conditions, which can only exist in an unconditional environment -- so they appear shocking and striking to us. it doesn't matter how past anything is, it always is affecting the present, if its something that resonates with you. I notice myself and how I resonate with other peoples' concepts, and I've built a compatibility layer for all things  that I've come to experience. like, I can "get" pretty much everyone now because I can perceive the unconditional (conceptual) side of anything. we're attracting our own prehistoric concepts of an "ideal" world back, to kinda see what that ideal is. we determine the ideal future (ie, where we're headed) and then encode it sso that we becoeme a new era of time: a moment where the human conceptual world-view grew a LOT every quickly, that previous times are nearly incomprehensible to us, much like the prehistoric environment -- where we're so expected to see the material stuff, we can't comprehend a dream-like reality of the prehistoric reality; or at least I cannot, anyway.
so, whether it's future or if it's past, we've adopted that restricted view of reality imposed by the language (notice this with the sumerians and 6), and so therefore don't really perceive all of the things. it's the personal persuit of every individual to determine what is their inherited perception, and of it, what to do about it.
each idea comes back to us when the idea begins to emit stronger than its attracting, making itself visible; sometimes in the visible (to each person), and sometimes beyond. when the ideas are invisible, they're either outside of visible spectrum, or because they're attractive still because "what I want isn't visible/know/understood yet"; invisible both consciously and also experientially/visibly/audibly/etc.
